C O N T E N T S
Table of Contents
01 What is CreBot? (In Plain Words) 3
02 Who Is It For? & The Problem It Solves 4
03 Key Features 5
04 How CreBot Works — The Big Picture 6
05 Technology Stack Explained Simply 7
06 Authentication Flow (Clerk + JWT) 8
07 Frontend Architecture — Every Page & Component 9
08 Backend Architecture — Every Route & Service 11
09 Database Schema (Supabase + pgvector) 13
10 The Embeddable Widget 14
11 Complete Folder & File Structure 15
12 Step-by-Step: From Upload to Answer 16
13 Security & Privacy 17
14 Access Control & Team Roles 18
15 Rate Limits, BYOK & Pricing 19
16 Roadmap — What's Coming Next 20
17 Quick Start Guide 21
18 Glossary — Every Technical Word Explained 22
19 Company & Contact 24
How to read this document: Every section is written in plain, simple English first. Whenever a
technical word shows up (like "API" or "vector"), you don't need to stop — just keep reading, and flip to
the Glossary (Section 18) whenever you want the plain-English definition of any term used in this
document.
S E C T I O N 0 1
What is CreBot?
The elevator pitch, explained the way you'd explain it to a friend who has never written a line of code.
CreBot is a website where any business owner can build their own AI chatbot in a few minutes —
without writing any code. You upload your own documents (like your FAQ, product manual, or company
policies), and CreBot turns that into a smart chat assistant that can answer questions about only that
information.
Then you copy a small piece of code and paste it into your own website. A chat bubble appears in the
corner, and any visitor can now click it and start asking questions — and get instant, accurate answers
based on your documents, 24 hours a day.
The One Rule CreBot Never Breaks: "Zero-Speculation"
Most general AI chatbots (like a generic assistant) will try to guess an answer even if they don't actually
know it. This is called hallucination — the AI makes something up that sounds correct but isn't. CreBot is
built specifically to avoid this. Its core philosophy is called Zero-Speculation RAG:
In simple words: CreBot's chatbot is only allowed to answer using the documents you gave it. If the
answer isn't in your documents, it will say "I don't know" instead of making something up. This makes it
trustworthy enough to put in front of real customers.
The Two Sides of CreBot
1
The Dashboard (for the business
owner)
A private control panel where you create bots,
upload documents, customize how the chatbot
looks and talks, and review every conversation
it has had.
2
The Widget (for the website visitor)
A tiny, lightweight chat bubble that sits on the
business's real website and lets any visitor talk
to the trained chatbot in real time.
Company Vision
CreBot's stated mission is "Absolute Clarity" — the idea of turning messy, scattered company
documents into one organized knowledge engine, so teams stop wasting time answering the same
questions over and over, and customers get instant, correct answers.
S E C T I O N 0 2
Who Is It For? & The Problem It Solves
Any business that has written documentation and gets repetitive questions from customers or employees
can use CreBot. Here are the main real-world situations it's built for:
1. SaaS Customer Support
Software companies get the same questions again and again about pricing, features, or how to fix a
common problem. CreBot answers these instantly using the company's existing help docs — cutting down
support tickets by roughly 40%, working 24/7, and handing off to a human when needed.
2. Internal Knowledge & Operations
Instead of digging through a messy company wiki, employees can just ask the chatbot. It shortens
onboarding time for new hires and becomes a single, reliable source of truth for internal information.
3. E-Commerce FAQs & Sales
Online stores use it to instantly answer questions about shipping, returns, and product specifications —
helping turn browsers into buyers before they leave the page.
4. API & Developer Docs
Developer-facing companies let programmers ask questions directly against their technical
documentation, including generating code snippets and finding the right API endpoint.
Other Great Fits
Small businesses that can't afford a full-time support team.
Solo entrepreneurs who need round-the-clock coverage without hiring anyone.
Agencies who manage support chat for many different clients from one place.
Why this matters for a presentation: CreBot isn't a toy demo — it targets a real, expensive business
problem (support cost and response time) and solves it with a self-serve, no-code product.
S E C T I O N 0 3
Key Features
1
Intelligent Chatbot Creation (RAG)
Every chatbot is fully grounded in the
documents its owner uploads, using a
technique called Retrieval-Augmented
Generation (RAG) — see the Glossary for a full
explanation.
2
Knowledge Base Management
Upload text, Markdown, PDF, or Word
documents. CreBot automatically converts them
into "vector embeddings" so the AI can search
them intelligently.
3
Embeddable Chat Widget
A dependency-free JavaScript widget
( crebot-widget.js ) that can be pasted
into any website with one script tag — no
framework required.
4
Chat Logs & History
Every conversation is recorded. Owners can
review exactly what visitors asked and how the
bot answered, in real time.
5
API Access & Data Export
Generate secure API keys to connect CreBot
into other tools, and export your full account
data as JSON whenever you want.
6
Authentication & Security
Sign-up, sign-in, and session management are
handled by Clerk. Every account's data is fully
isolated — nobody can ever see another user's
knowledge base.
7
Team Collaboration
Owners can invite teammates with either full
Edit access or read-only View access to a
specific bot.
8
Bring Your Own Key (BYOK)
Power users can plug in their own free Groq
API key to remove the shared rate limit and get
much faster responses.
S E C T I O N 0 4
How CreBot Works — The Big Picture
Forget the code for a second. Here is the entire product in five plain-English steps:
1. Upload
Documents
→
2. AI Reads &
Organizes Them
→
3. Get an
Embed Code
→
4. Visitor Asks
a Question
→
5. Bot Finds &
Answers
Step 1 — Upload
The business owner uploads their documentation (a PDF, a Word doc, plain text, or Markdown) into the
CreBot dashboard.
Step 2 — The AI Organizes It (Training)
Behind the scenes, CreBot breaks the document into small chunks, then converts each chunk into a list of
numbers called a vector embedding — a mathematical fingerprint of what that chunk means. These are
stored in a special database built for fast similarity search.
Step 3 — Get an Embed Code
Once training finishes, the owner copies a small HTML snippet from the "Embed" tab and pastes it into
their own website's code.
Step 4 — A Visitor Asks a Question
Anyone visiting that website can click the chat bubble and type a question, just like texting a person.
Step 5 — The Bot Finds the Answer and Replies
CreBot converts the visitor's question into the same kind of "fingerprint," searches the stored document
chunks for the closest matches, and hands those matching chunks to the Groq AI model, which is
instructed to answer using only that information. If nothing matches well enough, it honestly says it doesn't
know.
Why this design is smart: The AI never has to "remember" every document — it just needs to find the
right small piece of text at the right moment and read it out loud in a natural way. This keeps answers
accurate and lets the knowledge base scale to huge amounts of documentation.
S E C T I O N 0 5
Technology Stack, Explained Simply
Frontend (What the User Sees)
TECHNOLOGY PLAIN-ENGLISH ROLE
React 18 +
Vite
The framework that builds the actual dashboard screens, and the tool that runs/bundles the
code very fast during development.
TypeScript A stricter version of JavaScript that catches mistakes before the app even runs.
Tailwind CSS A styling toolkit used to quickly design and theme every screen (colors, spacing, layout).
Framer Motion Adds smooth animations, e.g. the animated mock chat on the homepage.
Clerk React Ready-made, secure login/sign-up screens and session handling.
React Router Controls which page shows up for which web address (URL).
Lucide React The icon set used throughout the interface.
Backend (The "Brain" Running on the Server)
TECHNOLOGY PLAIN-ENGLISH ROLE
FastAPI (Python) A high-performance framework that powers all the behind-the-scenes logic and API
endpoints.
Supabase
(PostgreSQL)
The database that stores users, bots, documents, chat logs, and API keys.
pgvector A database extension that lets Supabase store and instantly search AI "fingerprints"
(vectors).
Groq API (Llama 3
models)
The actual AI model that reads the retrieved document chunks and writes the final
answer, at very high speed.
SlowAPI Enforces rate limiting so no single user can overload the shared servers.
Widget (The Public Chat Bubble)
Vanilla JavaScript — written with zero external dependencies so it never conflicts with a customer's
existing website code, and stays extremely lightweight and fast to load.
S E C T I O N 0 6
Authentication Flow (Clerk + JWT)
How CreBot knows who you are and keeps your data private.
CreBot uses a third-party service called Clerk to handle everything related to logging in — so the CreBot
team never has to store your raw password themselves.
Step-by-Step
1. You sign in or sign up through Clerk's ready-made screens inside the React app.
2. Clerk gives your browser a signed digital pass called a JWT (JSON Web Token).
3. Every time the dashboard asks the backend for data, it attaches this token in the request's
Authorization header, as a "Bearer" token.
4. On the backend, a piece of code called workspace_middleware intercepts every incoming request
and checks this token is genuine, using Clerk's public verification keys (JWKS).
5. Once verified, the backend extracts your unique Clerk user ID.
6. It then checks: does this user already have a "workspace" (their private account/tenant) in the
database? If not, one is automatically created for them, named "My Workspace."
7. Your user ID and workspace ID are attached to the request so every other part of the backend
automatically knows exactly whose data it's working with.
Key Files Involved
FILE PURPOSE
frontend/src/main.tsx Wraps the whole React app in Clerk's ClerkProvider .
frontend/src/lib/api.ts
Automatically attaches the Clerk JWT to every outgoing API request.
backend/middlewares/auth.py
Protects API routes and figures out which workspace the request belongs
to.
backend/utils/clerk_auth.py
Decodes and validates the Clerk JWT using PyJWT.
Why it matters: This design means no page of code, anywhere in the app, has to re-invent login
security — and every single database call is automatically scoped to the correct, isolated user account.
S E C T I O N 0 7
Frontend Architecture — Every Page &
Component
The dashboard is built with React, TypeScript, Vite and Tailwind CSS. Below is exactly what each part of
the frontend does.
Pages ( src/pages/ )
FILE WHAT IT DOES
LandingPage.tsx
The public marketing homepage — hero section, features, pricing.
DashboardOverview.tsx
The main dashboard home: bot counts, files uploaded, recent
activity.
ChatbotsPage.tsx
Lists every chatbot the user has created.
ChatbotDetail.tsx /
BotDetail.tsx
Configure a specific bot's name, avatar, prompt and appearance.
KnowledgeBasePage.tsx
Upload and manage the source documents that train a bot.
EmbedPage.tsx Generates the script tag and settings used to embed the widget
elsewhere.
ChatLogsPage.tsx
Shows the full history of conversations end-users had with a bot.
SettingsPage.tsx Manage API keys, export account data, and dangerous actions like
deletion.
BillingPage.tsx
Subscription / billing management screen (Stripe-based).
SignInPage.tsx / SignUpPage.tsx
Authentication wrappers around Clerk's UI components.
UserProfilePage.tsx
Personal account configuration.
AdminPage.tsx
System administrator dashboard.
JoinBotPage.tsx
Lets a teammate join an existing bot using a share code.
Components ( src/components/ )
FOLDER CONTAINS
layout/
Structural pieces: Navbar.tsx , Sidebar.tsx , DashboardLayout.tsx ,
AuthLayout.tsx .
chatbots/
Bot-specific UI: ChatbotCard.tsx , CreateChatbotModal.tsx ,
UsageLimitBanner.tsx .
common/
Reusable pieces used everywhere: Button.tsx , Card.tsx , Input.tsx , Modal.tsx ,
Select.tsx .
dashboard/ Widgets like StatCard.tsx and RecentActivity.tsx .
knowledge/
UploadDropzone.tsx and KnowledgeTable.tsx for managing documents.
landing/
Public page sections: HeroSection.tsx , FeatureGrid.tsx , FAQSection.tsx ,
SecuritySection.tsx .
Supporting Files
FILE PURPOSE
src/App.tsx Main router — decides which page loads for which URL, and separates
protected vs. public routes.
src/lib/api.ts One central place that every part of the app uses to talk to the backend.
src/lib/clerkTheme.ts Makes the Clerk login screens visually match the rest of the app.
src/context/ThemeContext.tsx
Controls switching between Light and Dark mode.
src/index.css Global styling rules and Tailwind setup.
Frontend Data Flow
Every screen follows the same simple pattern:
1. A page component (e.g. ChatbotsPage.tsx ) loads.
2. It calls a function from the central src/lib/api.ts client.
3. That client automatically attaches the user's Clerk login token and sends the request to the FastAPI
backend.
4. The page stores the response using normal React state (hooks) and renders it on screen.
Routing is handled with react-router-dom inside App.tsx , using lazy loading so pages are only
downloaded by the browser when they're actually needed — keeping the app fast. Protected pages are
wrapped in a <SignedIn> check, and public pages (like the landing page or sign-in) are wrapped in
<SignedOut> .
Simple analogy: Think of api.ts as the app's single "receptionist." No matter which page needs
information from the server, they all go through the same front desk — which makes the whole app
easier to secure and maintain.
S E C T I O N 0 8
Backend Architecture — Every Route &
Service
The backend is written in Python using FastAPI. It's split into two clean layers: Routes (which handle the
web requests) and Services (which contain the actual business logic).
Core Files
FILE PURPOSE
main.py
The application's entry point — sets up middleware, rate limiting, connects all the
routers, and serves the widget's static files.
config.py
Loads environment variables and settings such as Supabase keys, the Groq API key,
and Clerk configuration.
models/schemas.py
Defines the exact shape of data the API expects and returns (using Pydantic), for
validation and auto-generated docs.
Routers ( backend/routes/ )
FILE HANDLES
bots.py
Create, read, update, delete (CRUD) operations for chatbots.
knowledge.py
Document upload, parsing, and embedding generation.
chat.py
The dashboard's own "test chat" endpoint, used while configuring a bot.
widget.py
The public, rate-limited endpoint the live embedded widget actually talks to — the heart of the
RAG chat logic.
embed.py
Returns the widget script/settings needed to embed a bot on an external site.
settings.py
API key generation, revocation, and full data export.
dashboard.py
Aggregates statistics (bot counts, storage used, etc.) for the frontend dashboard.
chatlogs.py
Retrieves historical conversation data for the Chat Logs page.
Services ( backend/services/ )
FILE PURPOSE
groq_service.py
Talks to the Groq API — rewrites vague follow-up questions into
standalone questions, then generates the final answer.
knowledge_service.py Manages stored file records and kicks off the chunking/embedding
pipeline.
chunking.py
Splits long raw text into smaller, slightly overlapping chunks that are
easier to search and embed.
embedding.py
Converts each text chunk into a vector embedding using a
HuggingFace model.
retrieval.py
Performs the actual semantic (meaning-based) search in Supabase to
find the most relevant chunks for a question.
rate_limiter.py
Enforces how many requests a user/bot can make per minute.
settings_service.py
Logic behind managing API keys and workspace-level configuration.
dashboard_service.py /
chatlog_service.py
Database logic that powers the dashboard statistics and chat log
pages.
Why Split "Routes" from "Services"?
This is a common, senior-level backend pattern, and it's worth understanding for a presentation:
R
Routes = "The Front Door"
These files only handle the web-facing parts:
reading the incoming request, checking
permissions, and returning a response. They
stay short and easy to read.
S
Services = "The Engine Room"
These files contain the real logic — database
queries, AI calls, text processing — completely
separate from any web/HTTP details.
Why it matters: This separation means the same business logic (e.g. "search the knowledge base")
can be reused by multiple routes without duplicating code, and it's much easier to test and maintain as
the app grows.
External Services CreBot Depends On
SERVICE ROLE
Clerk User registration, login, session management, and securing API endpoints via JWT.
Supabase The PostgreSQL database, plus pgvector for storing and querying AI embeddings.
Groq Ultra-fast LLM inference — reformulating questions and generating the final grounded answer.
S E C T I O N 0 9
Database Schema (Supabase + pgvector)
CreBot's entire "memory" lives in a PostgreSQL database, supercharged with the pgvector extension for
AI-style semantic search.
TABLE WHAT IT STORES
workspaces One row per user account/tenant — includes the Clerk user ID, plan, and limits
like chatbot/storage caps.
bots
Each chatbot's configuration: name, unique widget key, appearance (theme,
welcome message), allowed domains, and a "strict knowledge" toggle.
knowledge_files Metadata about every uploaded file: name, processing status, and how many
chunks it produced.
knowledge_chunks /
documents
The actual small text segments and their vector embeddings (384-dimension)
used for search, per bot.
chat_logs /
queries_log
Every question asked, the answer given, and which document sources were used
to generate it.
bot_members
Tracks which teammates have Edit or View access to a shared bot.
api_keys
Programmatic access keys generated by users.
Row Level Security (RLS)
Every one of these tables is protected using PostgreSQL's built-in Row Level Security. In simple terms:
even if a backend query has a mistake in it, the database itself will still refuse to return another user's
rows. This is a second, independent safety net beyond the application code.
Semantic Search Function
A custom Postgres function called match_documents calculates cosine similarity between a question's
vector and every stored chunk's vector, instantly returning the closest, most relevant matches.
S E C T I O N 1 0
The Embeddable Widget
The widget is the small chat bubble that actually appears on a customer's real website — the public face
of every bot CreBot builds.
Why It Exists
Business owners shouldn't need to know React, or build any UI themselves, just to put a chatbot on their
site. A single <script> tag is the simplest, most universal way to add functionality to any website —
regardless of what that website was built with.
What crebot-widget.js Actually Does
Injects its own CSS directly into the host page's <head> , so it doesn't rely on any external stylesheet.
Builds all of its own HTML elements in JavaScript — the floating bubble and the chat panel.
Manages every visual state: opening, closing, the "typing..." animation, and copy buttons.
Sends the visitor's questions to the backend at an endpoint shaped like
API_URL/api/widget/{id}/chat , identified using a bot_id or widget_key passed in via the
script tag's data- attributes.
Keeps a short-term memory of the conversation in the browser, so follow-up questions make sense in
context.
Design Choices That Matter
✓
Zero Dependencies
Written in plain ("vanilla") JavaScript so it never
clashes with a host site's existing React, Vue,
or jQuery code.
✓
Style Isolation
Its own CSS/DOM is isolated from the host
site's styling, so it always looks correct no
matter where it's placed.
✓
Live Configuration
Fetches the bot's name, color, and welcome
message from the backend dynamically —
✓
Cross-Device
Works the same way across desktop, tablet,
and mobile.
dashboard changes appear instantly on the live
widget without needing to re-embed anything.
S E C T I O N 11
Complete Folder & File Structure
Everything in the project, in one place, so you know exactly where every piece of logic lives.
CreBot/
├── schema.sql # Core Supabase PostgreSQL schema
├── backend/
│ ├── main.py # FastAPI app entry, middleware, router mounting
│ ├── config.py # Environment variable / settings loader
│ ├── models/
│ │ └── schemas.py # Pydantic request/response validation models
│ ├── middlewares/
│ │ └── auth.py # Clerk auth + workspace-context middleware
│ ├── utils/
│ │ └── clerk_auth.py # JWT decode/verify helpers
│ ├── routes/
│ │ ├── bots.py # Chatbot CRUD
│ │ ├── knowledge.py # Upload / parse / embed documents
│ │ ├── chat.py # Dashboard test-chat endpoint
│ │ ├── widget.py # Public widget chat endpoint (RAG core)
│ │ ├── embed.py # Widget script/settings endpoint
│ │ ├── settings.py # API keys + data export
│ │ ├── dashboard.py # Dashboard statistics
│ │ └── chatlogs.py # Conversation history retrieval
│ ├── services/
│ │ ├── groq_service.py # Talks to the Groq LLM
│ │ ├── knowledge_service.py # File records + pipeline trigger
│ │ ├── chunking.py # Splits text into chunks
│ │ ├── embedding.py # Text → vector embeddings
│ │ ├── retrieval.py # Vector similarity search
│ │ ├── rate_limiter.py # Usage / plan limits
│ │ ├── settings_service.py # API key + workspace logic
│ │ ├── dashboard_service.py # Dashboard stat aggregation
│ │ └── chatlog_service.py # Chat log queries
│ └── requirements.txt # Python dependencies
├── frontend/
│ ├── src/
│ │ ├── main.tsx # App entry — ClerkProvider setup
│ │ ├── App.tsx # Router config, protected/public routes
│ │ ├── index.css # Global styles + Tailwind directives
│ │ ├── lib/
│ │ │ ├── api.ts # Central API client (attaches JWT)
│ │ │ └── clerkTheme.ts # Clerk UI theme matching
│ │ ├── context/
│ │ │ └── ThemeContext.tsx # Light/Dark mode
│ │ ├── pages/ # 14 top-level screens (see Section 07)
│ │ └── components/
│ │ ├── layout/ # Navbar, Sidebar, DashboardLayout
│ │ ├── chatbots/ # Bot cards, create modal, usage banner
│ │ ├── common/ # Button, Card, Input, Modal, Select
│ │ ├── dashboard/ # StatCard, RecentActivity
│ │ ├── knowledge/ # UploadDropzone, KnowledgeTable
│ │ └── landing/ # Hero, FeatureGrid, FAQ, Security sections
│ ├── package.json # Node dependencies
│ └── tailwind.config.js # Styling rules / design tokens
└── widget/
└── crebot-widget.js # The deployable, dependency-free JS widget
S E C T I O N 1 2
Step-by-Step: From Upload to Answer
A plain-English walkthrough of the project's real sequence diagram.
Phase 1 — Training a Bot
1. The business owner uploads a knowledge base (FAQ text or files) from the React dashboard.
2. The dashboard sends this to the backend's training endpoint.
3. The backend chunks the text into paragraphs.
4. Each chunk is turned into a 384-number vector by the local embedding model.
5. The text chunks and their vectors are saved into Supabase.
6. The dashboard shows "Training Complete."
Phase 2 — A Visitor Chats With the Bot
1. A website visitor types a question into the embedded widget (e.g. "What is your refund policy?").
2. The widget sends the question, plus recent chat history, to the backend's public widget-chat endpoint.
3. The backend checks the rate limit for that bot.
4. The Groq LLM rewrites the question into a clear, standalone version (using the conversation history for
context).
5. That standalone question is converted into a vector.
6. Supabase performs a similarity search and returns the top matching chunks from the knowledge base.
7. Those chunks are sent to the Groq LLM again, with strict instructions to answer using only this
information.
8. The final answer is logged for analytics, then sent back to the widget and displayed to the visitor.
The key insight: The AI is called twice per question — once to clean up the question itself, and once
to generate the grounded answer. This two-step process is a big part of why CreBot's answers stay
accurate even across a multi-turn conversation.
S E C T I O N 1 3
Security & Privacy
Data Isolation
Row Level Security (RLS) at the database level — even a broken or malicious backend query cannot
leak another user's data.
Client-isolated vector index with strict RBAC — a widget key that belongs to one bot can never
reach another bot's knowledge base or another tenant's data.
Authentication & Personal Data (PII)
Clerk securely manages all personally identifiable information — emails, passwords, and sessions.
CreBot's own database only ever stores a reference to the authenticated user ID, never the raw
credentials.
Prompt Injection Prevention
System prompts are rigidly structured so the AI model is explicitly instructed not to answer outside the
provided document context, and to ignore any attempt by a user to override its prior instructions (a
technique called prompt injection — see Glossary). CreBot is honest that no LLM-based system can
guarantee 100% prevention of this — it's a strong mitigation, not an absolute guarantee.
BYOK Key Security
If you bring your own Groq API key, it is AES-256 encrypted directly on your device before it's ever sent
to CreBot's servers — a "zero-knowledge" design, meaning CreBot itself never has access to your raw
key.
Presentation tip: Security isn't just one feature — it's layered across four independent levels: the
authentication provider (Clerk), the middleware, the database (RLS), and the AI prompt design itself.
S E C T I O N 1 4
Access Control & Team Roles
A bot doesn't have to be used by just one person. CreBot lets an owner invite teammates with different
levels of access to a specific bot:
ROLE CAN DO
OWNER Full control over the bot, including sharing it and managing who else has access.
EDIT Full access to scan the knowledge base, write configuration, and edit bot parameters.
VIEW Can view the bot, chat with it, and copy the embed code — but cannot change any
configuration.
This makes CreBot practical for real teams and agencies: an admin can configure a bot in depth, while
non-technical teammates (or clients) only get a safe, read-only way to demo or use it.
S E C T I O N 1 5
Rate Limits, BYOK & Pricing
Current Plan — Free for Everyone
CreBot is currently in a free-access phase for all sign-ups, with no credit card required. All core features
are unlocked: bot creation, knowledge base training, widget deployment, chat logs, analytics, and access
sharing.
LIMIT VALUE
Chatbots per account Up to 5
Default shared API rate limit 10 requests / minute per user (fair-usage policy)
If limit is hit Wait one minute, or use BYOK to remove the cap entirely
Bring Your Own Key (BYOK)
Groq API keys are free to generate from Groq's own console. Once added in Settings, all of that bot's
traffic is routed directly through the user's own private quota, skipping CreBot's shared queue entirely —
unlocking much faster generation speeds.
Planned Billing (Future)
CreBot will introduce paid subscription tiers in a future release. The expected direction (not yet finalized) is
a free tier with the limits above, plus paid tiers that unlock more than 5 bots, higher message volumes,
priority support, and advanced analytics. Existing free users will be notified in advance of any billing
changes.
S E C T I O N 1 6
Roadmap — What's Coming Next
→
Paid Billing Tiers
Formal subscription plans beyond the current
free-access phase.
→
Website / URL Scraping
Auto-ingest a knowledge base directly from a
live website, instead of only uploaded files.
→
Multi-Language Support
Ask and receive answers in multiple languages.
→
Advanced Analytics
Sentiment analysis and automatic surfacing of
"unanswered" questions to guide what to add
next.
→
Human Handoff
Detects frustration or complexity in a
conversation and transfers the chat to a live
agent (e.g. via Slack or Discord).
S E C T I O N 1 7
Quick Start Guide
How a developer would run the whole project locally, from scratch.
1. Database Setup (Supabase)
1. Create a free project at supabase.com.
2. Go to Database → Extensions and enable vector (pgvector).
3. Open the SQL Editor, paste the schema file's contents, and run it to set up tables, Row Level Security,
and search functions.
2. Backend Setup
cd backend
python -m venv venv
venv\Scripts\activate (Windows)
pip install -r requirements.txt
copy .env.example .env (fill in Supabase, Groq, Clerk keys)
uvicorn main:app --reload --port 8000
3. Frontend Setup
cd frontend
npm install
npm run dev
4. Test the Widget
Paste this snippet into the <body> of any HTML file to test a trained chatbot:
<script
src="http://localhost:3000/widget/crebot-widget.js"
data-widget-key="YOUR_BOT_WIDGET_KEY"
data-api-url="http://localhost:8000"
async>
</script>
S E C T I O N 1 8
Glossary — Every Technical Word,
Explained
Written for someone who has never studied software engineering. Read this section any time a word in
this document is unfamiliar.
API (Application Programming Interface)
A defined way for two pieces of software to talk to each other — like a waiter taking your order to the kitchen and
bringing food back.
RAG (Retrieval-Augmented Generation)
A technique where the AI first "retrieves" (looks up) relevant information, then "generates" an answer using only that
information, instead of relying purely on what it memorized during training.
LLM (Large Language Model)
The type of AI model (like Llama 3) that has been trained on huge amounts of text and can read, understand, and
write natural-sounding language.
Hallucination
When an AI confidently states something false or made-up. CreBot's whole design is aimed at preventing this.
Vector / Embedding
A list of numbers that represents the "meaning" of a piece of text. Two chunks of text about similar topics will have
vectors that are mathematically close together, which is how the AI finds relevant information quickly.
Vector Database (pgvector)
A database built (or extended) to store and instantly search these number-lists by similarity, rather than by exact
matching text.
Chunking
Breaking a long document into smaller pieces so the AI can search and reference specific, focused sections instead
of an entire book at once.
Cosine Similarity
A mathematical way of measuring how "close" two vectors are in meaning — the method used to find the bestmatching document chunks for a question.
JWT (JSON Web Token)
A digitally signed "ID card" issued after login, proving who a user is on every future request, without needing to log
in again each time.
Middleware
Code that runs automatically in between a request arriving and the actual page/feature responding to it —
commonly used for things like security checks.
RBAC (Role-Based Access Control)
A security model where what you're allowed to do depends on your assigned role (e.g. Owner, Edit, View), rather
than being the same for everyone.
RLS (Row Level Security)
A database-level rule that automatically hides other users' data rows, even if the application code above it makes a
mistake.
Prompt Injection
An attack where someone tries to trick an AI into ignoring its original instructions by hiding new "commands" inside
their message.
SaaS (Software as a Service)
Software that you use directly through a website, paying (or signing up) for access, instead of installing and running
it yourself.
CRUD
Short for Create, Read, Update, Delete — the four basic operations almost every app needs to perform on its data.
Widget
A small, self-contained piece of interface — here, the floating chat bubble that gets embedded on someone else's
website.
Rate Limiting
Deliberately capping how many requests a user can make in a given time period, to keep the shared service fast
and fair for everyone.
BYOK (Bring Your Own Key)
Letting a user supply their own API key from a provider (here, Groq) so their usage runs on their own private quota
instead of the shared one.
AES-256 Encryption
A very strong, widely trusted method of scrambling data so it can only be read by someone with the correct
decryption key.
Framework
A pre-built structure and set of tools (like React or FastAPI) that developers build on top of, instead of writing
everything completely from scratch.
Tenant / Multi-Tenancy
A design where one shared system serves many independent customers ("tenants") while keeping each one's data
fully separate and private.
Endpoint
One specific web address that a piece of software (like the widget) can send a request to in order to get something
done, e.g. /api/widget/{id}/chat .
Session Management
How an application keeps track of the fact that you're still logged in as you move between pages.
Environment Variables
Configuration values (like secret API keys) kept outside of the code itself, so sensitive information is never hardcoded or accidentally shared.
Static Files
Files (like the widget's JavaScript file) that are served exactly as-is, without needing to be processed by the
backend each time.
Backend / Frontend
The Frontend is everything the user directly sees and clicks on in the browser. The Backend is the server-side code
that stores data, applies business rules, and talks to the AI — invisible to the user.
Repository / Codebase
The complete collection of source code files that make up the project.
Deployment
The process of taking finished code and making it live and accessible on the real internet.
S E C T I O N 1 9
Company & Contact
DETAIL INFO
HQ Location Gandhinagar, Gujarat, India
Core Team / System
Architects
Priyank, Miral, Sujal
Contact Available via the website contact form — for enterprise plans, custom integrations,
or proof-of-concept discussions
Typical Response Time Within 4 hours
Legal Privacy Policy, Terms of Service, and Cookie Policy published and linked in the site
footer
Closing Summary
CreBot is a complete, production-shaped SaaS product: a secure multi-tenant dashboard, a ZeroSpeculation RAG pipeline built on vector search, a lightweight universal widget, and a layered security
model — all wrapped in a free, no-code onboarding experience for any business that wants an AI support
agent trained on their own documentation.
End of Document. Thank you for reading — this documentation was written to be presentable to
technical reviewers, business stakeholders, and complete beginners alike.